[Music]
hi there it's me again from vixy and
this video I'm doing my boyfriend's hair
it's really hot in here so we want short
hair and it's his psoriasis is getting a
bit bad so the best thing is to cut the
hair little bit shorter make it easy for
him I do have a video home to get rid of
the patches on the head on the wrapper
from the prices so just go check my
video anyway so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to use papers and I find the
best Clippers are the wow wow oh sorry
this brand and the ones I have or the
cordless ones so for me they were the
best what I'm going to do first is I'm
going to cut the size with the number
two so you have to do is just to put it
on somebody's number two on the side see
how short it is if you want it short I
can go with number one and then after
that I'm gonna concentrate on the top so
please keep watching
see how I'm giving him a haircut and
what happens from this and I will see
the final results so let's
[Music]
[Applause]
okay step number one is finished we
finish with the sides now I'm gonna take
off that part and then I'm gonna just
make sure I go around here and get rid
of all the short hairs and unless
[Music]
now I can see that is still too long so
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna use the comp
and the Clippers and I'm gonna make the
beach altar
[Music]
okay that's complete the next thing is
not gonna blanks here you can see there
is a line there is a big line so I'm
gonna try to blend that with the bottom
part so I don't get that line because it
doesn't look that nice when there is
light and I'm gonna use the code and
Clippers without anything condom
[Music]
if you look at the hair from the back
you look at that side you won't see if
there's any long hairs left to be cut it
so you can get rid of them and if there
is lines and to me that looks perfect
[Music]
right this is complete now and now I'm
going to start with the top I'm going to
use my scissors in the comp I'll just
wet the hair little bit so I can have a
nice grip on it so I'm going to start
doing like that's entry on go this way
and then after that the other side this
way so this the middle part should be
longer here and here on the side should
be the shorter so it blends nicely with
the side so my girlfriend you wanted
quite short so I will cut a little bit
more than usual and it is sama so we'll
get that long hair
you
[Music]
no part like that because I want to do
it similar shape Lent
and one more thing make sure you sort
out the French look at the French here
what we couldn't do is just depends if
they want it nice and long and short and
sharp at the front you can leave it but
I know he doesn't want so I just could
not cut it so it stays like that see how
beautiful there is no product on the
hand the hair just stays beautifully
like that and what I like for the last
bits to do is I like just to make sure
to use my scissors and my comb
I can go over the hair just to make sure
it's nicely blended and there's no lie
lies on the side because I really don't
monitor lies so we're just gonna go and
do it just one more time just in case so
I get rid of all hairs left just like
that
start from the bottom and keep going up
and when you keep the comp keep the comp
elevated like that not close to the
skull because then you're gonna get the
lives you want the top hair to be for
the way and the bottom here to be closer
to the scalp so you get the nice
innovation you don't get the line
so last time with my boyfriend we start
making a video cutting his hair and then
my camera died so the video wouldn't
finish and we've been trying to make
another video now for a month waiting
for his hair to grow and fondling there
you go yeah we always keep filming the
video and keep cutting his hair and I
thought I have the video and then when
when the haircut was on we realized the
video camera recorded only the first
five minutes yep
that's because I'm selling patience with
my job cutting hair and I forget about
everything else I just don't stretch too
much
all right show them show them what we've
done this is the beautiful haircut takes
only like 15 minutes max and there you
go nice and beautiful let's turn around
by step shot and slowly thank you very
much for watching I will post a link
where I got that clipper from and I
would really suggest if you cut your
boyfriend your husband's hair or if you
are a hairdresser or if you cut your
friends hair to cry because it's a
really good quality I didn't try before
out the bronze and I really didn't like
it so this one is one of the best long
lasting and one last thing
please give me thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video because I think I will deserve
it if you liked the video so don't
forget to share it with me like I should
share it with you and please do
subscribe if you haven't subscribed
because it's lots of more videos to come
and if you haven't checked my other
videos please go and do so see you soon
again bye
[Music]